---
title: The Programming Team of 21525
author: Trentan Davé
---
# The Programming Team of 21525
#### Trentan Davé
  This year, the 21525 team plans on better teaching a new wave a programmers for the future of the team. The lead programmer for the team is Josh Sugino followed by self taught programmer Luke Dabell. These programmers will be using the Java programming language as they are able to use this software for free on IDE Android Studios. These programmers are doing their best to programmer the robot while teaching members of the team how to better program as well. On the team this year, there are members who know how to program, but unfortunatly not in Java. The indivisuals who have prior programming experiece, are doing there best to learn Java as well to better help the programming team. Many of these programmers are using tools such as w3schools and youtube; both are great tools and incedible for learning something new.
  In this years game, the programmers are using April Tag technology to better locate the robot on the field. April Tags are similar to QR codes and if scanned by the robot, the robot can find your dimensioning on the field which allows you to locate yourself quickly and accuratly. If the programmers are able to write a accurate program to read and calculate the distance, autonomaus this year will yield the most points possible. This process will only be possible with duel cameras on the robot (front and back) which allows the robot to scan April Tags effectively and efficiently. Harnessing this technology might take a while thought as the robot needs to accurently calculate how far away it is from two April Tags at the same time. 
  Since this years autonomous needs to be able to move back and forth to pick up as many pixels as possible, the programmers are in for a challenge to suceed this season! Calculations for autonomous, effectivly moving pixels, and strategically dropping pixels are all challenges that these programmers need to solve for the team to have a great season! 
A link to our sister-team 5921's programming team: [link](https://blockheads.apricitine.com/articles/our-programming-team)
